Allocation feb28 (#25)
webb-tools/tangle-docs: pages/docs/services/services.mdx

![MPC User Flow](/images/MPCaaS-flow.png)

Through these services, Tangle Network aims to achieve the following for these developers:

1. Reduced friction in deploying advanced cryptographic and zero-knowledge applications.
2. Expanded frontier of possible zero-knowledge application space through cross-chain interoperability and privacy-preserving tools.
3. Simplified APIs for interacting with zero-knowledge applications.
4. Outsourced proof generation and trusted setup generation, eliminating operational burdens.

## Core Services

### Multi-Party Computation (MPC)

#### Threshold Signing as a Service (TSSaaS) MPC

Signatures are pervasive in the design of blockchain bridges, oracles, and custody solutions. Tangle Network offers signature schemes as a service using threshold cryptography, enabling developers to build private and non-private cross-chain applications.

Tangle currently supports several Threshold signature schemes:

- DfnsCGGMP21Secp256k1
- DfnsCGGMP21Secp256r1
- DfnsCGGMP21Stark
- ZcashFrostP256
- ZcashFrostP384
- ZcashFrostSecp256k1
- ZcashFrostEd25519
- ZcashFrostEd448
- ZcashFrostRistretto255

> 

Reviewer: Need to also add the threshold BLS tag here @thomivy (check the runtime for proper name is you don't have it)

Use cases include bridges, oracles, interoperable shielded pools, and social and identity bridges.

### Proof Generation

#### zkSNARKs as a Service (zkSaaS)

Proof generation is critical for maintaining privacy and implementation of complex cryptographic protocols within decentralized applications. Tangle's zkSnark service allows users to access proof generation functionality directly through the network. This allows developers to outsource the computationally expensive tasks to a privacy-preserving infrastructure.

> Tangle currently supports SGroth16 proofs ,and our targeted systems will include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tangle currently supports zkSaaS for Groth16 proofs, and our targeted systems will include:
```
